hello just wanted to do a video of one
of the new battle packs that came out
last week for me
and received it in the mail got the
Wolverine and she-hulk to pack Toys R Us
exclusive you see the little sticker in
the corner and they really did a great
job on the new female sculpt with
she-hulk she looks great
the face the hair everything really of
course the body is bigger you can tell
looking from my vantage point that she's
taller than Wolverine because his feet
end right there but hers continued down
so you can see it inside but you'll see
more closer once I have them out of the
box but here they are in the box from
every angle comes with number one x-men
vs. The Avengers comes with a little
mini comic to the bottom doesn't
specifically say she-hulk Wolverine like
sometimes they do the side in the back
of course flip that over it's getting
some nice Sheen here comes a kitty cameo
from lunar
so in the set you've also got the
Captain America and unmasked Magneto
which I also have but I really wanted to
open my she-hulk so that is what I'm
going to feature and there is the
Wolverine on the side maybe you can see
that they're shorter from there but
anyway I'm going to be right back as I
open them up and you will get to see
them and I will move them and see what
they can do
Thanks
okay so they're out of the package now
and I wanted them to stand up and not
keep falling over lest any kitties try
and help me do my review so I put them
on some stands but you can still tell
the height difference between the two of
them she's about a good foot taller than
Wolverine at least from what you can see
if the figures I actually had to move
her joint a little bit because she was
popping out and that's the way they
shipped her to me actually and as you
can see some of her joints are a little
funky looking from the edges as you can
see right there but uh just got all your
basic movements the legs up and down and
then of course turning right here
bending at the knees and the lower and
the stomach of course she can bend there
she's got nice little muscles going on
her heads a little wobbly kind of coming
out but uh I like her she looks good
they did kind of mess up a little bit on
the paint in an eye I'm not sure that
it's something that can be seen with my
crappy camera probably not but probably
something I can fix maybe hopefully but
as you can see her hands and her wrists
move
they're both balled up which kind of
sucks I suppose if you want to put maybe
a wrestling chair in her hands or
something I don't know whatever you
might do you are
I can see underneath her hair her booty
her gluteus maximus kind of sticks out
there and of course you've got Wolverine
redone for the five thousandth time he's
got the basic movements I don't think
even his uh feet move quite as much as
hers do he does swivel at the ankle as
you can tell so at least there's that
bend at the knee bend at the foot as
well the upper joint moves I'm looking
at it closer from the side it kind of
funked up on the paint a little bit but
that's okay
and of course his wrist moves yep and
his forearm doesn't really at the elbow
yeah but not the knot right up top and
his basic movements see if I can get him
there we go
and on the comic we've got rims and
dynamo I think in the background
unmasked cap or unmask magneto with cap
got rogue she-hulk and Wolverine and I
don't know who that guy is someone else
can tell me
but issue number one in it as some of
the new ads for the upcoming series that
they just did because heaven forbid they
haven't done this idea before Avengers
vs. x-men but uh it's a nice little
addition though you can see it before
they've retooled it I guess
got the new figures in the back of this
universe is expanding again got the
solid vision and who knows what else
coming up but hopefully more females or
you and me but there you go you've got
she-hulk and Wolvie he's not gonna stand
now of course but her in her little
bobble head Wabble Wabble alright thanks
for watching again and I will have a
video of
the cap and Magneto as well so until
next time thank you see you later